This assuming of wielding a treasure,
this guard, is able to reach to the lower level to the strongest enemy!
It shall be, with another transformative and noble thread of legend,
two Herties merge to together,
and rise shall the previously tra expressions glad by commodities,
We have been dealing with the people and the mayor until now, but we have not been seeking comfort or fear of the enemy's brotherhood.
We have not been seeking comfort or fear of the enemy's brotherhood.
We must not expect a long-term war to be waged for the sake of the new construction of the Toa Fudo.
At the same time, we must not expect a long-term war to be waged for the sake of the new construction of the Toa Fudo.
We have been convinced that the final victory is in Japan.
We must overcome all difficulties and difficulties.
This is the test of the world, which we have been taught by the people of the Toa.
After overcoming this test, we will be able to see the glory of the construction of the Toa.